---
layout: post.html
title: "I've just stepped away for a bit..."
date:   2018-02-26
category: brain-dribble
tags:
- personal
- holiday
- snow
- tahoe
image: media/tahoe.png
summary: "I'm spending the next month in Lake Tahoe, on the California/Nevada border. I spent most of 2017 thinking about and trying to plan a season in the snow."
---

I'm spending the next month in Lake Tahoe, on the California/Nevada border. I spent most of 2017 thinking about and trying to plan a season in the snow. This turned out to be trickier than I imagined. I didn't want to work as a seasonaire and I couldn't go for the whole season, I was working at the beginning of January and April, so just the time in between. Also I want to snowboard and take time out to code, not work whilst I'm there.

{{> picture alt="Photo of me in the snow in Tahoe" highRes="/media/tahoe.png" url="/media/tahoe.png" caption="Snow Day!" }}

Everything is more expensive when you are by yourself. I tried to enlist the help of friends, but they said yes, and then later said no due to their own circumstance. All of this took up precious time and as it got to about October there was nothing left to book. Suffice to say it was one of those things where trying didn't make a difference, it was like banging my head against a brick wall. Thinking I had somewhere and then having the rug pulled from under me, it was very frustrating.

Then this year happened, it really didn't start well for me, so with a bit of determination and all my savings I rage quit the UK for a month. I really wish it were longer, but at the same time it's amazing, to have the space both mentally and physically to just do what I want for a bit. I quit my job to have time for the things I want to concentrate on, and the last year hasn't been bad, but this year I really need to focus on that and I'm hoping this trip will help to kick start that. Maybe my change in situation will change my habits. Then if some adulting does need to be done when I get back I just won't do it and do the things I want to do instead 🤷🏻‍♀️